# NeoVim notes  
  
These are my notes as I explore and configure neovim:  
* The default Ubuntu package is several versions behind, had to manually install a current version, not nice.
* Getting started with kickstart and [learning about lua](https://learnxinyminutes.com/docs/lua/).
    * lua is certainly one of the languages of all time... I wonder why was this language chosen, but I would guess historical reasons?
* My terminal colorscheme was generated by wal, but it doesn't look too good. I'm not really a fan of any of the included ones either. Sticking with habamax for now.
    * I will have to learn how to edit these colorschemes, ideally maybe getting my default one into better shape?
* The editor feels snappy, but it seems bloated compared to the default configuration.
    * The included features seem nice, will likely cut some out, once I've learnt more about them.
* I can see both the learning curve and why people would fall in love with this.
    * I haven't seen the entire [introduction video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8C0Cq9Uv9o) yet, but I might have preferred a slower approach where we go over and install stuff one by one. If I understand it correctly, this will happen, but we just got the hassle of installation over quickly.
    * The guide starts off by stating that this is not a distribution, and I guess it is technically not true, but it certainly feels like one compared to the defaults to a newcomer.
* Anyway, I'm excited about learning more about this and making it my own.

* I've ended up rolling back the modifications done by kickstart, after running into a few weird bugs regarding colorscheme management. I guess I'll slowly work myself back to that setup as I go, learning about the available features and adding plugins when needed.
